[Intro music]
Avocado and Shrimp Sauce Cocktail or in French in the text
avocat aux crevettes sauce cocktail.
To make this traditional, but nonetheless, delicious recipe you
will need: perfectly ripe avocados, peeled shrimp,
cocktail sauce, olives and chopped chives.
Place the shrimp in a bowl.
Add a little bit of the cocktail sauce, about two tablespoons.
Mix to coat the shrimp.
Add a little bit of chopped chives.
Taste.
Mm, very tasty. I was going to say rectify the seasoning,
but it's perfect. What can I do?
Prepare the avocado then.
So cut the avocado in half up to the pit. Then twist.
Great. Beautiful.
Remove the pit.
Use a pommes noisette baller.
This is a pommes Parisienne baller.
The difference is it's the same idea as a melon baller,
but different sizes.
In diameters pommes noisetts is 22 millimeters
and pommes Parisienne is 25 millimeters.
A melon baller is around 30, so it's bigger.
Use the pommes noisette baller to make avocado balls.
My avocado is very ripe, it's perfectly ripe, a little bit
sticky. And try not to change the shape of the avocado here
even if I did a little bit.
Prepare the other one. Remove the stem. Twist.
Sometimes you may use a knife and remove the pit like so.
If you're going to serve this hors d'oeuvre let's say in an hour
or two, you will brush a little bit of lemon juice
on the top here to avoid browning.
Here we are going to serve it right away,
so we don't need to do that.
Fill the avocado, first of all divide the shrimp in two
and then in four thus you will know how much you have
to use about, just to give you an idea.
Okay. My avocado is not totally straight so I'm going
to cut it a little bit, just to be able to set it.
There we go. Perfect.
Position the shrimp in the center.
Place back the balls around.
Add a little bit of black olive on the top and serve.
Repeat the operation for the other ones.
Avocat aux crevettes sauce cocktail.
Bon Appetit. Enjoy this wonderful hors d'oeuvre.